[ambulance siren]
[man over radio] Zero. two.
zero. one. receiving. over.
[woman] Patient is critical
and unresponsive. BP is low.
We recommend
preparations for MRI.
[heavy breathing]
I'm sorry. you need
to wait out here.
[dramatic music]
[vocalisations in music]
[music intensifies]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[music fades]
[keys jangle]
-[Daniel] Welcome.
-[Laura] Thank you.
-[door closes]
-[Laura] I love this neighbourhood. Great.
Laura. nice to see you.
Oh. Cherry.
So... What do you think?
I...
Listen. modern
architecture is lovely.
but. I just... Is it
a sound investment?
Well. it's better than a
crusty pre-war maisonette.
You'd have to rip everything
out and start again.
[Laura] How much is it again?
Uh... One point five?
-Wow.
-I have it.
Oh. I know you
do. honey. I know.
Thanks to your
father's generosity.
So you don't like it?
I didn't say that.
Just give me a minute.
I like it.
-Oh. thank God.
-I think it's a good choice.
Oh! Wait here.
[Laura] So. here we are.
Here you are.
Yeah. here I am.
[suspenseful. playful music]
Did I not make myself clear?
Yeah. but the thing
is. I'm not a child.
And you can't tell
me what to do. so...
I do hope you can find a
way to be happy for us.
Me and him. I...
I'm not going anywhere.
Yeah. we'll see.
Your lies will catch up
with you eventually. Cherry.
I'm going to make sure of it.
[Daniel] I thought
we should celebrate.
Congratulations. honey! Aww...
-Thank you.
Great patio. you can have
a barbecue out there.
-Right?
-The bedroom's downstairs. right?
[Daniel] Yeah. and there's
a space for a gym as well.
[Elliot] Right. Pandora.
where are you at?
Oh. many fingers in
many pies. chief.
All good on the horizon. you
know... Just watch this space.
[voices become distant]
[Elliot] Any actual sales?
Well. you know. I would
have had a potential sale
if this one didn't
steal it from me.
But yeah. no. it's
all in the pipeline.
there's no need
for you to worry.
Well. I am a bit
worried. to be honest.
Everyone seems to
be half asleep.
Still with us. Cherry?
[sound returns to normal]
Yeah.
The penthouse flat with
the ridiculous views
hasn't shifted yet.
what's going on?
Three sales have fallen through.
but it is my top priority right now.
-OK. let's have it gone.
-Of course.
Perhaps one of your mother's
friends could be interested?
[Pandora] Yeah. I'll
get Mummy on the case.
[phone buzzes]
[siren blares in distance]
What's happened?
I just wanted to see my
mum. Is that such a crime?
'Course not.
So.
do I get to see your office?
Hm?
Meet your work mates?
Uh. not today. Everyone's...
everyone's swamped.
Oh.
Oh. uh. did I tell you? Poor
Paula's Crohn's is back.
They said that they think
she might have to wear a bag.
Mum. has anyone been in
touch. asking stuff about me?
Oh God. Why. what have you done?
Nothing.
I just got into a bit
of a tiff with someone
and I'm worried they might
dig stuff up about me.
You won't say anything.
will you. Mum?
You kn... about...
-[door opens]
-[Daniel] Hey!
I was picking up keys for the surveyor
and your offices said you might be here.
Oh. don't tell me.
you must be Danny.
-And you must be...
-Tracey. Cherry's mum.
-So lovely to meet you.
-And you.
Good luck with the surveyor
and I'll see you later.
Well... unless... if you
don't mind. can I join you?
Oh. that would be lovely.
So. Danny.
You're a doctor. yes?
-Yes.
-So. could I ask you something?
-Mum. no!
-Cherry. it's fine.
Um. tell me.
So. um. basically. um.
I've got this massive rash...
-Mum!
-[Tracey laughs]
-Was she always this gullible?
-Yes.
-OK. Mum.
-Aww.
-You're so lovely.
-It's you who's lovely.
You must come round to our
place once we're settled.
Oh. thank you. I
definitely will.
Oh. the way he looks at you.
Get home safe.
-Yes I will. Bye-bye. See ya.
-Bye-bye.
Sorry. she's...
Uh. hilarious. I'm a big fan.
Look at you. why
are you so nervous?
I don't know. I was
just worried that.
if you didn't like her.
you'd be put off me.
Not possible.
Besides. you've seen my
mum in all her glory.
Did that put you off me?
-Of course not.
-Well. there you are. then.
[calm. inspiring music]
[distant sirens]
Mr Sanderson...
Hi.
You're staying over again?
Oh. we're going to have to
start charging you rent.
Well. the service
here is very good.
Uh. Daniel and I were
just talking about
his birthday tradition.
for Saturday.
Oh. what tradition?
So. every year. Mum and
I go and see a musical
and then we eat dumplings in
Chinatown until we explode.
Didn't have you down
as a musical lover?
Well it's sort of a joke.
Oh. well that's. um...
that's a shame. I sort of...
I booked a little surprise
trip for us this weekend.
Oh! Where to?
Um... Wintour's
Leap. It's climbing.
You're kidding!
Wha...
I didn't even think you
were paying attention
-when I was banging on about that.
-Don't worry. you know. I'll change it.
If you want to go to the
musical. that's so fine.
Oh. that's very kind. Cherry.
But it is up to you. You
know. it's your birthday.
So. whatever you want.
Yes. I mean. it is.
It's your decision.
honey. whatever you want.
[playful music]
I mean. we can shift our
plans to next week. right?
Of course. honey. that's fine.
All right. I'll leave you two.
[playful music continues]
[whispers] Fuck.
[music becomes more tense]
[phone rings]
[TV sounds in background]
Nicholas...
Congrats on the recent nuptials.
Hope you had a
bloody good wedding!
[on phone] You've got
some fucking nerve.
We know it was you.
-Wh... what was me?
-I'm going to tell the police.
Nicholas. you're insane.
You're insane.
But. if you do do that.
then I might have a little
chat with your wife.
There are a few things I wouldn't
mind getting off my chest.
Listen to me. you
worthless bitch.
If you or your American
friend. Laura Sanderson.
contact me or my wife again.
I will come for you. Cherry.
and I will fucking hurt you.
[call disconnects]
[tense music]
Mum?
Yes. love?
Can I ask a favour?
What?
If the police. or anyone else. call
asking about the evening of the 26th.
I need you to tell them
I was with you all day.
Oh. God. what have you done?
Nothing! Nothing bad. promise.
Please.
We watched Storage Wars.
You fell asleep. and...
you were exhausted.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
I really hope you haven't
returned to the old Cherry.
She scared me.
[tense music]
[vocalisations in music]
[music fades]
-Am I bad person?
-Very. very bad.
In fact. I'd say...
you were in need of a
little light punishment.
Jesus Cherry. no. of course
not. Why would you say that?
Hey? What's going on?
It's. um. it's Nicholas...
Your ex?
What's happened?
It's just. um...
When we were together. he...
he was really controlling
and manipulative.
And then when I eventually
left. he got really scary
and now he's found out that
I've moved on. with you.
and I think all that
anger's resurfaced.
And he's. he's spreading
all these rumours about me.
What rumours?
Someone fucking
sabotaged his wedding.
and he's blaming it on me.
-I should go and speak to him.
-No. no. no.
-Yes.
-No. please. please.
I don't want him
to come between us.
That's exactly what he wants.
Cherry. he won't.
Cherry. I'm not
going anywhere. OK?
[dramatic music swells and ebbs]
[Laura] No. no. make
it... make it 4pm.
I know you've
spoken to Nicholas.
Let me call you back. Harriet.
I need you to understand.
Laura. Nicholas is a bad person.
He's spreading these
lies to hurt me.
-Isn't that convenient?
-It's the truth.
You're the liar.
Are you OK? What is wrong with you?
Why are you digging into my life?
I don't understand
why you're doing this.
why... why are you
trying to hurt me?
Please. Laura.
I'm begging you...
You can beg all you want.
Cherry. I'm not buying it.
I don't like you.
-and I definitely don't trust you.
-[Daniel] Mum!
Cherry. will you please
wait for me outside?
Daniel. you need
to listen to me.
She is not who you think she is.
[♪Ane Brun: "All My Tears"]
♪ Come and eat from
heaven's store ♪
♪ Come and drink
and thirst no more ♪
♪ So weep not for me my friend ♪
♪ When my time below does end ♪
♪ For my life belongs to Him ♪
♪ Who will raise
the dead again ♪
♪ It don't matter
where you bury me ♪
♪ I'll be home
and I'll be free ♪
♪ It don't matter
anywhere I lay ♪
♪ All my tears be washed away ♪
♪ All my tears be washed away...
Are you checking me out?
You just look very
cute in all your gear.
Cute? I think you mean sexy.
Yeah. a sexy little plum.
Ripe for the picking.
Get off! Get off. No. no.
I can't be in this strange
old ruin with a strange man.
It's not an old ruin. Cherry.
this is a house of God.
Oh. there's a chapel.
Look.
Cherry.
[emotional music]
Will you...
Help me with my shoelaces?
They keep coming undone.
You absolute prick.
Why? What did you think
I was going to say?
Nothing.
I do want to marry
you. you know.
Really?
What?
Will this do?
Until I can find something
with a higher carat count?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
-I love you.
[♪Royel Otis: "Oysters
in my Pocket"]
Wow!
♪ Oysters in the pocket
We're saving for lunch ♪
♪ Not that we are selfish We
just haven't learnt much...
[Cherry] Is now a bad time
to tell you I've got vertigo?
Seriously.
-Shut up.
-Seriously.
Thank you so much
for bringing me here.
You're welcome.
-Is that tight enough?
-Mhm. Yeah. fine.
What?
-You look very professional.
-God...
OK. so I'll go first. and then
you can follow my route. yeah?
Yeah. sure.
Fucking hell.
Really good. Cherry.
Yeah. that's it.
Nice. Cherry.
There's a good hold just
above your left hand.
Yeah. that's it.
[She pants]
Nice.
Are you all right?
Are you sure I can do this?
Yeah. of course you
can. you're doing great.
-[song cuts out]
-[yelps]
It's OK. it's OK. I've got you.
Fuck!
[she groans]
You good?
No!
[tranquil music]
Jesus. Daniel!
Fuck.
[laughing] I'm OK.
Oh. God.
So apparently. this
one's a little tricky.
but you got this.
-Daniel...
-You OK?
-No. not really.
-You're doing so fucking well.
OK.
[adventurous music]
[vocalisations in music]
Can you give me
a bit more slack?
-Yeah. sorry.
-Thank you!
How's that?
Perfect.
[Cherry] Are you
not clipping in?
No. it's all right. I
don't need all of them.
Cherry. watch this.
Don't be so cocky.
[Daniel] You ready?
[they grunt]
[thud]
[♪Buzzcocks: "Ever
Fallen in Love"]
♪ Ever fallen in
love with someone ♪
♪ Ever fallen in love.
in love with someone ♪
♪ You shouldn't have
fallen in love with...
-[song cuts out]
-[car is turned off]
OK. let me call you
back from the car.
-Hey.
-Oh. hey!
-How was Paris?
-Um. very schmoozy and boozy.
I think I might have torn a large
hole in our finances. though.
What's new?
-Get any action?
-Just. uh. professional action.
Where are you off to?
Coppélia. I'm late.
-You hate ballet.
-Uhhh. you hate ballet.
Other people find it
quite romantic. actually.
I could stay home.
No. Marianne's... expecting you.
-You look nice.
-Thank you.
Have fun.
[gentle music]
[music turns ominous]
Shit.
[Cherry chuckles]
[music fades]
Hey...
I am so. so sorry.
You're back early.
I didn't think there
was any chance that...
Can you just not
have sex in my pool?
Yep. that is a
totally fair request.
We haven't actually...
OK. done with the conversation.
OK. good. yeah. me too.
I am glad you're back. though.
I was waiting to tell you
the good news in person...
What's that?
You know that flat
near the Royal London.
the one that Cherry found.
-Mm mhm.
-Well. I...
made an offer and
it's been accepted.
Wow! Congratulations.
Will you come and
see it with me?
Of course. I'd love to.
Oh my God.
My baby's flying the nest.
You're not going
to need me anymore.
No. I'll still need you to
do my washing and stuff.
You know I can't
survive without you.
Now that's tragic.
Yeah.
Aww. Love you.
I love you.
I can't believe you're going
to be living all on your own.
You're all grown up.
Well. not exactly.
I'll be living
there with Cherry.
[suspenseful music]
[Daniel. in distance] She
loves us skinny dipping.
[Cherry laughs]
But I told her we're
moving in together.
Oh my God!
What did she say?
Really?
[phone rings]
Hello?
-[Nicholas] Who is this?
-Is that Millie?
She didn't recognise
your number. Who is this?
Uh. my name is Laura Sanderson.
I believe we have a
mutual acquaintance...
Cherry Laine?
I was hoping to speak to
you for a moment about her.
Leave us alone.
[call disconnects]
[Cherry] Well. I kind of
organised a surprise trip for you
this weekend.
-Wintour's Leap... climbing.
-[Daniel] You're kidding!
But if you want to
go to the musical.
I can always change it.
We... we could shift our plans
to next week. couldn't we. Mum?
Yeah. that's fine.
Great.
[tense music swells and ebbs]
[Cherry] You love a
little musical. do you?
[Daniel] Did love!
When I was about 10.
[she laughs and sings]
Hey big spender!
Spend a little time with me
[they laugh]
They were laughing at me.
So? Brigitte laughs
at me all the time.
Brigitte laughs with you.
Mmmm. no. I don't.
What was your take
on her after Spain?
[Brigitte] Yeah. see. I
actually quite like her.
I mean. she's obviously got a
bit of psycho in her. right?
But she's also quite funny.
And. I mean. even if she did
do that at her ex's wedding.
like. I kind of rate it.
-[gasps] Brigitte!
-I do.
Also. her and Daniel seem
besotted with each other.
Although I could have
done with a little.
little bit less heaving
petting. if I'm honest.
-Ugh. I couldn't get enough!
-Oh. you're such a pervert.
Yes. yes. I am.
You know what it is?
It's the... it's this possessiveness
that she has over him.
She was kissing him and
looked me dead in the eye.
You sure you're
not imagining that?
I'm... No! I'm not imagining
any of this. [laughs]
I promise! You know what it is?
She's trying to show
me that she owns him.
Darling. can't we just
talk about something else?
I mean. I do love you.
but you do talk about Cherry
an awful lot these days.
[tense music]
-Thank you so much for coming.
-Of course.
Really appreciate it.
-Sorry for hanging up on you.
-Oh. it's fine.
Please will you give me a few minutes.
I just have a couple of questions.
Will you sit with me?
Thank you. um...
She's dating my son.
[Millie] We heard. That's
why we had to come.
What you have to
understand is. um...
Once she gets her claws
in. she never gives up.
-Is she dangerous?
-She's poison.
She was always a bit intense.
that was intoxicating at first
but. when I broke up
with her. she went crazy.
Starting spreading
lies about me.
manipulating everything.
[Millie] She accused him of
threatening behaviour. all sorts.
[Nicholas] And. um. when
Millie and I got together.
that's when things
got really bad.
You kept seeing her outside
our apartment. didn't you?
Yeah.
He was honestly terrified
of what she would do next.
Luckily. my uncle is a KC. so
we took out a restraining order.
We thought she'd
stopped. until...
Did you hear about our wedding?
You know that was her?
[Nicholas] Of course it was
her. She's fucking psycho.
She has a terrible.
terrible temper.
and when she
doesn't get her way.
she goes for the jugular.
[vocalisations in music]
[Laura] Daniel. just listen
to me for one second.
I don't think she is
who you think she is.
I talked to her ex.
I met up with him...
Sorry. you... you
met up with him?
Yes. because he said that Cherry
was the one that
ruined his wedding.
She's been stalking them
both. He's scared of her.
Yeah of course he's
gonna say that.
He had to take out an actual
restraining order against her. Daniel.
-Do you understand...
-You don't know what you're talking about!
You have no idea what
Cherry is going through.
and the fact that you
believe his lies...
He's not lying! She is.
I think I know my own fucking
girlfriend better than you do.
Oh my God.
OK. sweetheart. I am just
trying to protect you...
You're fucking
smothering me! Jesus.
I can't be around you like this.
[door opens and bangs closed]
[exhales heavily]
-Thank you. Howard.
-Yeah.
Hey. dude. what's going on...
I don't want to talk about
it. Dad. we're leaving.
OK. listen. I have never
seen you this angry.
-I just want you to calm down.
-Well. you should ask her what happened.
OK. I will. I will.
just calm down.
-Cherry.
-I'm so sorry.
[Howard] Please take care of him.
Make sure he drives safely. please.
-Drive safely.
-Take it up with her.
OK. I will. I will.
Just... just drive safely.
[car revs]
[brakes squeal]
Hey! Just slow down!
Laura. what the
fuck is going on?
-I can explain what's going on.
-Oh. please. don't. OK?
I. I can't believe you're still
at it with this witch hunt.
-She's a nice girl. Laura.
-Howard!
Why am I the only one
that can see through her?
These consistent
lies that she's told.
-And. by the way. she's a social climber.
-Oh. please. don't be so ridiculous.
And a fucking gold digger.
how do you not see it?
You know. in the past. I've
worried about you and Daniel.
-Your obsession with him.
-My obsession?
Yes. yes. Sometimes I thought
"Yeah. that's a bit weird".
but I've always brushed it off.
But now... yeah. see.
you don't see it.
but now. with all these
crazy accusations...
She has an agenda. Howard!
And you know who's
going to get hurt by it?
Is your son.
You hate her because you
think she's replacing you!
And I know. I know it stems from
trauma and grief about Rose.
and it has to stop.
It's got to fucking stop.
Fuck!
[♪Nadine Shah: "Evil"]
Fuck.
♪ All these folk. they
think that I'm evil ♪
♪ Like I. I'm the
living devil himself ♪
♪ All these folk. they
think that I'm evil ♪
♪ Like I. I'm the living devil ♪
[song intensifies]
♪ Look. I'm standing
right here before you ♪
♪ I can only offer
what I've been taught ♪
♪ And you look on with
eyes from another ♪
♪ How can I compete with
an ingrained thought ♪
♪ And tell your followers
that I'm crazy ♪
♪ If it stops them
questioning anymore ♪
♪ Oh. keep them tidy.
keep them beside you ♪
♪ And keep them coming
back for more...
Lilith?
Uh huh. So you found the key.
You should probably move
it every once in a while.
I think it's been fine for
the last couple of decades.
How is it possible that.
after all these years.
you look exactly the same.
And you look like
shit. my friend.
You OK?
-[Laura sighs]
-What's going on?
Hm?
Sweetheart...
[gently sombre music]
Ah. it's OK.
-[Laura sniffs]
-It's alright. it's OK.
Sorry.
[Lilith chuckles]
It's OK.
It's OK. darling.
[Lilith] Jesus Christ!
Wow.
[Laura] Do you believe me?
Laura... Of course I
do. why wouldn't I?
-Because no one else seems to.
-Oh my God.
She must be a clever fuck
to have fooled everyone.
This is what you're going to do.
you're going to stay here the night.
I'm going to make us an
incredible carbonara.
and we're just going to carry
on getting a bit pissed.
I always slept better with you.
I actually didn't. because of
your outrageous snoring but...
I'll take the hit.
Tomorrow morning. you're
going to go back home
and play her at her own game.
You're going to apologise to
everybody. especially to her.
No!
Laura. she's got to
think she's won. right?
And then what?
I think you just wait.
These compulsive liars. they
actually can't keep it up.
Daniel. he will eventually
come to his senses.
and crucially. he won't
blame you when he does.
Are these all yours?
Yeah.
-Wow. They're incredible.
-Thank you.
You have to let
me exhibit these.
These need to be seen. Lilith.
Laura. darling. I think
it's still a no. I just...
These Instagrammers
and bloggers...
I know. I've lost my way.
-No.
-I know.
It's not that. sweetheart.
We all do. from time to time.
I've missed you.
I know.
[gentle music]
[phone vibrates]
-Oh my God. it's her.
-Right.
[vocalisations in music]
[music intensifies]
Hello?
[emotional] Laura. it's Cherry.
I'm so sorry. Something's
happened to Daniel.
[music crescendos and ebbs]
[tense music]
[chatter. phones ringing
Oh my God!
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry. It
was an accident.
He wanted to do
this climb. and...
I couldn't hold on to the rope.
I'm gonna... I'm going
to go find the doctor.
Can I touch him?
I don't want you in here.
-Laura. no...
-Please. get out. get out!
[sombre music]
So we're gonna make an incision
and remove a small
piece of his skull
to alleviate the
pressure on the brain
and stabilise the affected area.
[voice fades] Now. this will
prevent further bleeding
and reduce the risk
of complications.
[voice fades out completely]
But it's important that we...
[echoey] Laura.
[sound returns to normal]
We can't... we can't lose him.
I know.
I hate her. I fucking hate her.
[Howard] Cherry.
How is he? How did it go?
[he sighs] It went well.
[sighs] OK.
He's stable. um...
OK. thank God.
It's a case of
monitoring him now.
Can I see him?
No. I'm sorry.
that's not possible.
Look. you're exhausted.
I think you should go
home. get some rest.
Take Daniel's car back.
You have his keys. right?
No. I want to stay.
I'm going to stay.
No. Cherry.
He needs to be with
his family now. OK?
It's time for you to leave.
[clattering]
We'll keep you
posted. I promise.
OK?
OK.
[sombre music fades]
-She's gone.
-Thank you.
I really thought we'd
lost him. Howard.
He's going to be OK. baby.
The last time we'd spoken.
if that was the last conversation
that I ever had with him.
I don't...
No. no.
It won't be.
He's going to be alright.
Yeah.
[loud chattering. beeping]
[sorrowful music]
[phone rings]
[recording] Hi. this is
Laura. Leave a message.
Hi Laura. it's
Cherry. How is he?
I just got home and I don't really
know what to do with myself.
So. could you call
me back when you can?
Thank you.
[phone rings]
[Cherry] Hey Laura. I just
want to know how he is. um...
Can you call me?
[Cherry on recording] Hi Laura.
it's me. I want to know how he is.
So. can you please.
please call me back.
Hi Laura. it's
Cherry. how is he?
[muffled soundscape]
[monitors beep]
-What's happening?
-There's been a re-bleed.
What does that mean?
It means we've gotta get
him back into surgery.
[beeping continues]
[tense music swells and ebbs]
I'm very sorry. but.
there've been complications.
We weren't able to stop
the bleeding on his brain.
So it's unlikely that
he is going to make it
through the next few hours.
I'm so sorry.
I'll leave you to
say your goodbyes.
[phone vibrates]
Just pick up the phone. I've
been calling you for days now!
Please. I just really. really
need to know how he is.
Just. just answer the
phone or ring me back.
I'm here. Just... please.
Please. I'm begging you.
[muffled] Fuck!
[phone vibrates]
[sorrowful music]
[monitor beeps]
[nurse] OK. the
ventilator is off.
What happens now is up to him.
[Howard] I'm sorry.
I... I need a minute.
[phone vibrates]
[phone rings]
Hello?
-Laura?
-Hi. Cherry.
Laura. hi. thank you
so much for picking up.
How is he?
Laura. look. I know
it's been awful for you
but its been
terrible for me. too.
[Cherry breathes heavily]
I need to see him. I'm
driving up today. OK?
There's no need to
come back. Cherry.
I'm so sorry.
Daniel's gone. He
died this morning.
[tense music]
[dramatic music]
Daniel...
Sweetheart. it's Mum.
I know you can hear me.
I'm right here. buddy.
You can't do this.
I can't... I can't
live without you.
You're my everything. Please.
Daniel. please.
[monitor beeps]
[he gurgles]
Daniel?
[music intensifies]
[gently hopeful music]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today